README.md, before:

![](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_bing-maps-api/blob/master/Microsoft-Imagine.png)

## Welcome to Microsoft Imagine's Bing Maps API Activity
Hello from the [Microsoft Imagine team](http://imagine.microsoft.com)! Thanks for checking out our activity using the **Bing Maps API**.  Learn how to use this API in your own site and search the world!

## Microsoft Imagine?
Microsoft Imagine gives you the tools you need to experiment, explore, and launch your ideas.  Learn the basics of coding and you can create anything you dream. See where you can take code, and where coding can take you.  

## What is this?
![website sample](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_bing-maps-api/blob/master/BingMapsSamplePic.png)

This repository holds the assets, HTML, and JavaScript source code for this **Bing Maps API** activity. 

If you're new to HTML, JavaScript, or just need some guidance overall, [head to the Bing Maps API activity page](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create035) on the [Microsoft Imagine site](http://imagine.microsoft.com) and follow our steps in the embedded Office Mix to complete the code for your own version of the website.

Otherwise, feel free to use our Bing Maps API activity code and assets to start your own version of a Bing Maps-enabled website, and develop the skills to turn your own ideas into something real.  

## How do I start?
To get started with the Bing Maps API, you'll want to install the following:
* [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)
* [Visual Studio Community 2015](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/products/visual-studio-community-vs.aspx)

The [Bing Maps API activity's Office Mix](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create035) has installation instructions if you need them.

## How do I use GitHub Desktop to get this?
Never done this before and just want the files to work with on your own? 

Click on the **Clone or download** button and you can make a copy of all of these files on your machine that you can work with.  Use **Open in Desktop** to open the repo in GitHub Desktop. Alternatively, **Download ZIP** and then unzip the files in a familiar location on your computer.

Remember where you save these files, so you can find them again in Visual Studio!

## Other pages of interest:
* [Microsoft Imagine website:](http://imagine.microsoft.com) Discover more software tools, contests, and other kits!
* [Imagine Learn-to-Code kits and activities:](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create) Offering a wide variety of coding kits to learn from and modify!
* [Imagine Cup website:](https://www.imaginecup.com/) Offering opportunities for students worldwide to create life-changing solutions.
* [Microsoft Virtual Academy:](http://mva.microsoft.com) Motivated to learn even more? Explore free, online training here!

## How do I help?
Read up further on [contributing here](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_bing-maps-api/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## LICENSE

Bing Maps API activity

Copyright (c) 2016 Microsoft Corporation

All rights reserved. 

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED *AS IS*, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Adding Code of Conduct info

README.md, after:

![](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_bing-maps-api/blob/master/Microsoft-Imagine.png)

## Welcome to Microsoft Imagine's Bing Maps API Activity
Hello from the [Microsoft Imagine team](http://imagine.microsoft.com)! Thanks for checking out our activity using the **Bing Maps API**.  Learn how to use this API in your own site and search the world!

## Microsoft Imagine?
Microsoft Imagine gives you the tools you need to experiment, explore, and launch your ideas.  Learn the basics of coding and you can create anything you dream. See where you can take code, and where coding can take you.  

## What is this?
![website sample](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_bing-maps-api/blob/master/BingMapsSamplePic.png)

This repository holds the assets, HTML, and JavaScript source code for this **Bing Maps API** activity. 

If you're new to HTML, JavaScript, or just need some guidance overall, [head to the Bing Maps API activity page](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create035) on the [Microsoft Imagine site](http://imagine.microsoft.com) and follow our steps in the embedded Office Mix to complete the code for your own version of the website.

Otherwise, feel free to use our Bing Maps API activity code and assets to start your own version of a Bing Maps-enabled website, and develop the skills to turn your own ideas into something real.  

## How do I start?
To get started with the Bing Maps API, you'll want to install the following:
* [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)
* [Visual Studio Community 2015](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/products/visual-studio-community-vs.aspx)

The [Bing Maps API activity's Office Mix](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create035) has installation instructions if you need them.

## How do I use GitHub Desktop to get this?
Never done this before and just want the files to work with on your own? 

Click on the **Clone or download** button and you can make a copy of all of these files on your machine that you can work with.  Use **Open in Desktop** to open the repo in GitHub Desktop. Alternatively, **Download ZIP** and then unzip the files in a familiar location on your computer.

Remember where you save these files, so you can find them again in Visual Studio!

## Other pages of interest:
* [Microsoft Imagine website:](http://imagine.microsoft.com) Discover more software tools, contests, and other kits!
* [Imagine Learn-to-Code kits and activities:](https://msdn.microsoft.com/imagine/imagine-create) Offering a wide variety of coding kits to learn from and modify!
* [Imagine Cup website:](https://www.imaginecup.com/) Offering opportunities for students worldwide to create life-changing solutions.
* [Microsoft Virtual Academy:](http://mva.microsoft.com) Motivated to learn even more? Explore free, online training here!

## How do I help?
Read up further on [contributing here](https://github.com/Microsoft/Imagine_bing-maps-api/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Code of Conduct
This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](http://microsoft.github.io/codeofconduct). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](http://microsoft.github.io/codeofconduct/faq.md) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments. 

## LICENSE

Bing Maps API activity

Copyright (c) 2016 Microsoft Corporation

All rights reserved. 

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED *AS IS*, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
